their thoughts after such an emotional
victory man truth and love comes up you
know Coach Rooter hit on the head this
team is resilient you know this team has
a faith it's transcends all
understanding you know we are very
faithful bunch we believe in each other
you know we believe in our God and you
know we believe that you know if we love
each other and play for each other you
know it doesn't matter what the clock
says doesn't matter where they're at
chip shot field goals we always think we
can win and you know if you saw the
sideline as they're kicking a field goal
no one was you know you know worried or
nervous or anything like that there's a
bunch of guys are saying hey I can't
wait to watch this block and you know
they did a great job yeah I get a little
chill kind of getting a rhythm to my
what was going on what would fake yeah
and the first half they did you know
they had a no got to give so much credit
to their team and their coaches you know
they came out they were very emotional
you know they wanted to you know about
physical s all those things and men this
is always the most physical game I play
that I played it for three years now and
this you know is bar none you know
they're the top three games of the
physicality dated and you know so it was
a wake-up call for us we have you know
once we got some of their you know
stunts and from there blitzes down and
covered just how they were doing it in
the second half then we could get more
into rhythm and you know that that's
kind of how that went Rutgers Boise this
game here always coming down to the wire
you know how many logs you guys have
hopefully a lot you know hopefully
enough to keep winning you know did I
tell you what you know be those those
are some good games for the television
you know but not one time does the
fresno state bulldogs think we're going
to lose them you know there's not one
time where we sit there and say oh man
we're three seconds away from our first
loss I I can promise you that you know
this team thinks yeah we're putting
these guys in the you know to go block
this field goal and we believe they're
going to do it you know it's a belief
it's not a false belief or a false hope
we really think that they're going to do
it and they did you talk about your
and over time they will win that he was
trying to do the shuffle pass in
particular yeah yeah so they're bringing
pressure you know they're trying to hit
me and like it everything that we play
is going to do and want to do you know
and so we just gotta you know stay tough
in those situations we know we have a
lot of blood speeders you know we have
different ways to beat the blitz and
that's that's one of them you know we
turn one of those guys free thinks he
has a free shot on me you know because
that's what they want to do and then we
can hit them like that and so we have
lots of ways to do it depends on the
scheme and stuff and it just worked out
you know the scheme was against these
guys that we could run that in the yard
our goal is to get a touchdown you know
that's what we wanted we thought we'd
get man coverage once we threw the fade
and got a touchdown on there on that one
of their corners they went to cover two
so we know we had to run it in and so
has the Nolan you know they finished it
off any other questions one more season
like this it's magical or whatever
unique games like this maybe you're not
playing your best for you still come up
on top and everything's clear oh it it's
so if you're going to tell me where you
come out with score 60 and well mountain
sweet that's easy that's I mean that's
nothing's Vinnie yeah yeah it's video
games I'm young and I'm not too bad at
those okay so you know this is this is
nothing promised on the football field
right you know you watch a guy you know
some of our guys and you don't know
what's going on with them so nothing
there next play is not promised you know
so it's not an easy thing like excite
your exactly right it's not easy I guess
it's it's good you know memories and
good good talk you know when we're older
in the 20 years down the road when
coached Reuters really old and here and
you know it makes up for all those
things but right now I got to be honest
with you we're going to celebrate this
one for about two hours and we're where
I get some sleep and get ready for
Nevada is you know our focus doesn't
challenge you know it's a new week we
gotta go want to know no you're welcome
thank you guys